Learning Life Assignment - Response
1. In what class does the program execution start.  How many "years"  (iterations) pass in this world?  How can you change the amount of time that elapses?

  The world controller class runs the program execution. The world right now runs
  for 3 generations and then stops.

2. Describe the flow of execution of the program, where does it start?  Where does it go next? where does it end?

  The program sets up all of the organisms then goes into a for loop
  that iterates 3 times and allows evolutions and reproduction.
  Afterwards, the program pauses and sets up the world with new conditions again.

3. How would you change the color of the grass?

  The grass' color is currently defined by the plant class,
  so one would have to change the color there.

4. Describe how grass reproduces.

  Grass reproduces by adding a new grass object into the
  creatures list and makes the grass generate a random x,y location

5. How could you make sure the grass does not reproduce a new grass plant on top of an existing grass?

  A simple if statement that checks the creatures list if a given position is open,
  and if it is open a new organism can be placed there.

6. How are the creatures stored and manipulated?

  The complete list of creatures are stored in creatureList, an array list

7. What is the point of the method purgeTheDead()?

  purgeTheDead is a method that removes  dead creatures
  from the creature list so that the list can contain only
  creatures that are alive.

8. Do the creatures have a location, or do locations have a creature?

  The creature objects have locations as a part of the constructor,
  so it would be a part of the creature.

9. Does the world have creatures or do the creatures have a world?  Why is this necessary?

  The creatures themselves have world objects associated with them. This is likely
  necessary for means of placement for the creature objects, similar to the GCanvas.

10. How would you make a creature move?  Describe what methods you would add and where you would put them?

  First I would create a new class for this creature and then I would make a method similar
  to the reproduce method for grass, except I would set the X and Y position of this
  new creature rather than creating a new object altogether. This would only move it
  in between evolutions if I place it in the same place as the reproduce method though, 
  so it would likely have to be in a while loop during the exectution of the program.
